[DOCS] Improve documentation around Remote-User and Remote-Groups usage. (#1091)
authelia/authelia: docs/deployment/supported-proxies/index.md

The only way Authelia can share information about the authenticated user currently is through the use of two HTTP headers:
`Remote-User` and `Remote-Groups`.
Those headers are returned by Authelia on requests to `/api/verify` and must be forwarded by the reverse proxy to the backends

> needing them. Those headers will be provided with each calls to the backend once the user is authenticated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needing them. The headers will be provided with each call to the backend once the user is authenticated.
```
